README.md, before:

# Subsonic

## Disclaimer

This is not my original work. I created the repo by forking  [this repo](https://github.com/warwickh/plugin.audio.subsonic) and I have added the following features:

- Search Album
- Show favorite Albums in Albums menu

## Description

Kodi plugin to stream, star and download music from Subsonic/Airsonic/Navidrome (requires Subsonic API compatibility)

For feature requests / issues: [here](https://github.com/giof71/plugin.audio.subsonic/issues)

Contributions are welcome: [here](https://github.com/giof71/plugin.audio.subsonic)

Master branch updated to support Kodi 19 Matrix

Leia compatible version available in alternate branch

## Features

- Browse by artist, albums (newest/most played/recently played/random), tracks (starred/random), and playlists
- Download songs
- Star songs
- Navidrome compatibility added (please report any issues)
- Scrobble to Last.FM
- Search (it was there before I forked the repo)
- Search Album (additional feature)

## Installation

From GitHub

- Click the code button and download
- Enable unknown sources and install from zip in Kodi  

or

- Navigate to your `.kodi/addons/` folder
- Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/giof71/plugin.audio.subsonic.git`
- (Re)start Kodi.

Note: You will need to enter your server settings into the plugin configuration before use.

## TODO

- Improve the caching system
- Search filter GUI for tracks and albums

## License

See the `LICENSE` file.

Additional copyright notices:

- [Previous version of this plugin](https://github.com/warwickh/plugin.audio.subsonic) by warwickh
- [Previous version of this plugin](https://github.com/gordielachance/plugin.audio.subsonic) by gordielachance
- [Previous version of this plugin](https://github.com/basilfx/plugin.audio.subsonic) by basilfx
- [SimplePlugin](https://github.com/romanvm/script.module.simpleplugin/stargazers) by romanvm now at [SimplePlugin3](https://github.com/vlmaksime/script.module.simpleplugin)
- The original [SubKodi](https://github.com/DarkAllMan/SubKodi) plugin
- [`py-sonic`](https://github.com/crustymonkey/py-sonic) Python module

Commit message:

Scrobbling happens against the subsonic server
- consequently a scrobbling to last.fm might be executed by the server

README.md, after:

# Subsonic

## Disclaimer

This is not my original work. I created the repo by forking  [this repo](https://github.com/warwickh/plugin.audio.subsonic) and I have added the following features:

- Search Album
- Show favorite Albums in Albums menu

## Description

Kodi plugin to stream, star and download music from Subsonic/Airsonic/Navidrome (requires Subsonic API compatibility)

For feature requests / issues: [here](https://github.com/giof71/plugin.audio.subsonic/issues)

Contributions are welcome: [here](https://github.com/giof71/plugin.audio.subsonic)

Master branch updated to support Kodi 19 Matrix

Leia compatible version available in alternate branch

## Features

- Browse by artist, albums (newest/most played/recently played/random), tracks (starred/random), and playlists
- Download songs
- Star songs
- Navidrome compatibility added (please report any issues)
- Scrobble to your subsonic server (not necessarily to LAST.fm, this depends on server/player settings)
- Search (it was there before I forked the repo)
- Search Album (additional feature)

## Installation

From GitHub

- Click the code button and download
- Enable unknown sources and install from zip in Kodi  

or

- Navigate to your `.kodi/addons/` folder
- Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/giof71/plugin.audio.subsonic.git`
- (Re)start Kodi.

Note: You will need to enter your server settings into the plugin configuration before use.

## TODO

- Improve the caching system
- Search filter GUI for tracks and albums

## License

See the `LICENSE` file.

Additional copyright notices:

- [Previous version of this plugin](https://github.com/warwickh/plugin.audio.subsonic) by warwickh
- [Previous version of this plugin](https://github.com/gordielachance/plugin.audio.subsonic) by gordielachance
- [Previous version of this plugin](https://github.com/basilfx/plugin.audio.subsonic) by basilfx
- [SimplePlugin](https://github.com/romanvm/script.module.simpleplugin/stargazers) by romanvm now at [SimplePlugin3](https://github.com/vlmaksime/script.module.simpleplugin)
- The original [SubKodi](https://github.com/DarkAllMan/SubKodi) plugin
- [`py-sonic`](https://github.com/crustymonkey/py-sonic) Python module
